and the BAFTA goes to 1970
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you thank you BAFTA for giving us
a really wonderful night thank you very
very much and thank you for all the
people who've gone to see this movie in
the cinemas it's still on thank you for
the crew to the crew up there in the
gods thank you thank you to Hamblin Jeb
Brody
Terry press Universal Donna Langley New
Republic and all the home team at Neil
Street and all those people one who
helped release this movie thank you for
your support you've heard enough from me
I want to introduce someone else to make
a speech for a change the wonderful and
the person we built this movie around
the extraordinary George McKay
thank you thank you very much and thank
you Sam
it's it's a really wonderful feeling
when you know that sense of alignment
and that's what we were going for every
day with this film there was never a
lead element in term of any department
or anything other than the story and the
shot that we were trying to get so we'd
like to share this with every single
member of the crew and the team who gave
their time and themselves to the
projects and and the whole process in
the film itself is is a lesson in the
goodness they can come and going for
something that's bigger than yourself so
working together within that so thank
you very much Cheers
[Music]
you